Improve automation with Vagrant (#2679)
chef/automate: components/automate-chef-io/content/docs/quickstart.md

Hello and welcome to Chef Automate 2! This document guides you through the initial installation and trial activation.

The easiest way to start exploring Chef Automate is to install it on a local VM.
We recommend using [Vagrant](https://www.vagrantup.com/) to create your test environment.

> Use this Vagrantfile to provision a VM. Chef recommends a minimum of 4GB RAM.

Reviewer: "this Vagrantfile" is currently pointing to something that doesn't exist yet. I'd probably change the opening to something like 

```
Hello and welcome to Chef Automate 2! This document guides you through setting up a Vagrant VM test environment on which to install Automate and activate a trial. It covers setting up the Vagrant environment and creating an example Vagrantfile.
```

Reviewer 2: `use this Vagrantfile`, followed by the Vagrantfile code works.

## Add an entry to /etc/hosts

> The example Vagrantfile sets the VM hostname to `chef-automate.test`. The installer uses this hostname as the FQDN that Chef Automate listens on.

Reviewer: "The example Vagrantfile sets the VM hostname..." -> "Throughout this example, we will use `chef-automate.test` as the hostname for the VM," or similar.

Reviewer 2: Docs avoids hedges like "Throughout this example". We should consider introducing the acronym since it is in the quickstart `uses this hostname as the fully qualified domain name (FQDN)`.

echo "Server is up and running. Please log in at https://${CFG_HOSTNAME}/"
echo 'You may log in using credentials provided below:'
cat /home/vagrant/automate-credentials.toml
SCRIPT

Vagrant.configure(2) do |config|
  class AcceptLicense
    def to_s
      return 'true' if ENV['ACCEPT_CHEF_TERMS_AND_MLSA'] == 'true'
      puts <<TERMS
To continue, you'll need to accept our terms of service:
Terms of Service
https://www.chef.io/terms-of-service

Master License and Services Agreement
https://www.chef.io/online-master-agreement

I agree to the Terms of Service and the Master License and Services Agreement (y/n)
TERMS
      if STDIN.gets.chomp == 'y'
        'true'
      else
        puts 'Chef Software Terms of Service and Master License and Services Agreement were not accepted'
        exit 1
      end
    end
  end
  config.vm.box      = CFG_BOX
  config.vm.hostname = CFG_HOSTNAME

  config.vm.provider "virtualbox" do |v|
    v.name       = 'chef-automate'
    v.memory     = 4096
    v.cpus       = 2
    v.customize ['modifyvm', :id, '--audio', 'none']
  end

  config.vm.synced_folder '.', '/opt/a2-testing', create: true
  config.vm.network       'private_network', ip: CFG_IP

>   config.vm.provision     'shell', env: {'CFG_IP' => CFG_IP,

Reviewer 2: Can we make sure we're doing the equivalent of `config.vm.provision "shell", inline: "apt-get update && apt-get install -y unzip`. ?

Reviewer 2: Ah, I see it now.

vagrant up
```

If this is your first time provisioning a VM, this operation may take a few minutes to download the base OS image.

> When the command completes, you can access the web UI by browsing to `https://chef-automate.test/` (assuming you followed the above instructions and created an entry in `/etc/hosts`).

Reviewer: I would remove the parenthetical expression.

Reviewer 2: Good point.

> You can find login credentials by opening the `automate-credentials.toml`, which the installer has written in your current working directory, or alternatively in an output log.

Reviewer: Where is the output log?

Reviewer 2: You would have to set your system up to use an output log file. It does output it to the screen, which is lovely.

```suggestion
Your login credentials output to the terminal at the end of the installation process. 
You can also find them in the `automate-credentials.toml` in your Chef Automate installation.  To access the `automate-credentials.toml`, first enter `vagrant ssh` in the command line, which puts you inside of your Chef Automate installation, and then enter `cat automate-credentials.toml`. Type `exit` to leave your Chef Automate installation and return to your main terminal environment. Chef Automate will continue running.
```

vagrant up
```

If this is your first time provisioning a VM, this operation may take a few minutes to download the base OS image.

When the command completes, you can access the web UI by browsing to `https://chef-automate.test/` (assuming you followed the above instructions and created an entry in `/etc/hosts`).

Your login credentials output to the terminal at the end of the installation process. 
You can also find your login credentials in the `automate-credentials.toml` in your Chef Automate installation.  To access the `automate-credentials.toml`, first enter `vagrant ssh` in the command line, which puts you inside of your Chef Automate installation, and then enter `cat automate-credentials.toml`. Type `exit` to leave your Chef Automate installation and return to your main terminal environment. Chef Automate will continue running.

> By installing Chef Automate with the Vagrantfile provided above you're automatically giving your consent to

Reviewer 3: This section should move closer to where you're actually running `vagrant up`. I know that the code makes them accept it, but otherwise if they're just "yessing" through the prompts they might not realize what they're clicking. This makes it much more clear.

This currently reads to me like "now that you've run through all those steps, be aware that you agreed to all of this"
